Yo!
Where my red lines at?
I picture Frank Lloyd Wright,
while you think I'm Mike Brady
And engineers devour our work and call us crazy
We got rounded specs, but they ain't for looks
It's from staring at our screens and all those
history books
We turn an empty space, into a world of possibility
Maintaining privacy, and tranquility
Graduate from school, about to change the world,
But I'm stuck designing thrones with a clockwise swirl
We're architects oh! With creative flair
Re-designing the world, from buildings to chairs
It's a daily grind, but we love what we do
A satisfying job giving you a better view
Lord of the Elmer's, and king of scraps
Making models our of paper, and bottle caps
I'm a master of BIM, making lines with dashes,
Except I'll lose my mind, if Revit crashes
GREEN is gold, and LEED is big,
Know the golden triangle, and learn your trig
Challenge the formula, push the envelope,
Put more glazing over here. That looks really dope!
We're architects oh! With creative flair
Re-designing the world, from buildings to chairs
It's a daily grind, but we love what we do
A satisfying job giving you a better view
Crank the A/C in the office just to stay awake,
Espresso and Red Bull till I get a stomach ache
With our cotton blazers high, we have a sense of style,
But to the rest of the world we just point and smile
I read code books, while I'm on vacation
Take pictures of, my latest creation
We wear black and gray, with no logos on our threads
So many sleepless nights we're like the walking dead
We're architects oh! With creative flair
Re-designing the world, from buildings to chairs
It's a daily grind, but we love what we do
A satisfying job giving you a better view
Got so many scales, myswell (might as well) call me a fish
Does your lawn look boring? I'll design you a dish
Starchitects, no!, call them Hollywood actors,
Cause they can't deal with general contractors
Spec book wasn't clear so I got these RFI's
Clients making changes that we all despise.
We got better FORM, than Jordan's jump shot
And designs that function like a million dollar yacht.
We're architects oh! With creative flair
Re-designing the world, from buildings to chairs
It's a daily grind, but we love what we do
A satisfying job giving you a better view
I'm an architect, "Oh you mean like Ted Mosby?"